# Health-Expert
Health Expert is an online health monitoring application for Covid'19 patience. Through this application, the user will locate their nearby hospitals where Covid patients are treated. Users will see live information about those hospitals, like how many sites are available and which doctors are there to consult. Users can also access the ambulance facility of those hospitals. In addition, we have the booking option for those hospitals, and users will be able to book an online appointment or a physical appointment. This app will also record the user's daily health status like body temperature, tiredness, dry cough, body pains, diarrhea, headache, and other symptoms related to Covid'19. Our app will continuously monitor this information, and if something is wrong, then the system will notify the user to consult a doctor. If the user chooses to get a doctor's appointment online, the doctor will see that user's recorded health information. Also, if the user has any queries, there will be a chatbot in the app that will answer all the user's questions. If the user is not satisfied, they will be able to leave a message to the app, which will be sent to one of our admins, and they will be able to answer that question. Also, if someone is recovered from Covid, that person's info will be kept in the app's database. And we will have another feature that will allow the user to request plasma of the recovered covid patient. If the system finds the requested plasma in our recovered patient's database, then they will notify that recovered patient if they are willing to give plasma or not. If they accept the request, then that recovered patient's information will be shared with the user who has requested the plasma. If it declines, then it will also notify the user who has asked for the plasma.
